#4dpzbk / - #2bj0dv - Add meta tags (#395)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/invisible/user-guide/invisible-monitor.md

---

> description: Pupil Invisible Monitor is a stand alone desktop app. It shows all available Pupil Invisible Devices in your Local Area Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pupil Invisible Monitor is a stand alone desktop app used to stream scene video and gaze data from all available Pupil Invisible eye tracking devices on your local WiFi network. 
```
